---
permalink: /release/1.1
---

# Release 1.1 - The Utility Release

I've been working hard to get some new features out the door and I hope you all like them.
Here's a list of what have changed:

- (`ADDED`) **Song Explorer**: This is a new feature found under the "Tools" menu in the 
  main window. Song Explorer lists all the custom maps you have installed, allows you
  to play their tracks and delete ones you don't want anymore. While it's still barebones
  (that's why I marked it as "Beta") additional features for it are planned. The one that
  will definitely come is the ability to list tracks within archives, a feature that I
  wanted to have in the early pre-1.0 days but never got to implement.
- (`ADDED`) **Command Line Interface**: BeatSaberKeeper got some command line switches
  that allow you to customize a few things here and there. For a detailed list, check out
  the [Command Line Help Page](../help/command-line.md). For once, you can also change where
  BSK will store your stuff.
- (`IMPROVED`) **Updater**: In the past, the updater would alert you about an update, even
  if your locally installed version is newer than the one available for download. While
  this wouldn't be a problem for regular users, users who opt-in to Pre-release builds
  or developers would see the "Update available" alert all the time. This has now been
  taken care of.
- (`IMPROVED`) **Documentation**: I'm still working on getting the website into a more
  service-able state and provide some documentation.
- and lastly: Squashed a few bugs here and there ~~and removed Herobrine~~.

For a full list of issues that have been worked on in this release, checkout the GitHub
Issues page here: https://github.com/rGunti/BeatSaberKeeper/milestone/5?closed=1

To download BeatSaberKeeper, click here to go to the
[Release page](https://github.com/rGunti/BeatSaberKeeper/releases).
