---
permalink: /release/1_2
---

# Release 1.2 - V2 Delta Archives

This release introduces a new implementation of the archiving process which provides
a few benefits over the older archives. This release also fixes a lot of bugs and improves
performance in various places. Here's a list of what have changed:

- (`ADDED`) **V2 Delta Archives**: This version of BeatSaberKeeper has a new archive
  version: "V2". This new version allows for faster archival times because it only
  stores the changes since the last time your archive was updated. In addition, you
  can at any time restore your game to a previous state using the "History Explorer".
  This new archive version will be used by default for all new Archives created through
  BSK. V1 Archives are still readable and extractable.<br>
  For more technical details about V2 Archives, see the following article: 
  [About V2 Archives](/help/v2-archives)<br>
  For more information about the future of V1 Archives, see below.
- (`ADDED`) **History Explorer**: The History Explorer allows you to see all versions
  of a V2 Archive and allows you to restore any version you want.
- (`ADDED`) **New Menu Options**: "Open Data Directory" and "Open Game Directory".
  Does what is says on the tin. Provides you with a quick access to the BSK app files
  or the game files.
- (`IMPROVED`) **Beat Saber Vanilla Archive Downloader**: Users reported regular failures
  after a certain amount of time. This has been addressed by retrying downloads if they
  fail, adding logging and improving performance.
- (`FIXED`) **Song Explorer _(Beta)_ couldn't delete levels when a preview has been
  played once**. The level would not show up in the listing anymore but the map's audio
  file would still exist on this. (This is also observable in the log file where it would
  warn about directories not being valid levels.)
- (`FIXED`) **Double-clicking an archive** before 1.0 always ran "Unpack & Run Game". In
  1.0 this feature was forgotten. This has been readded.
- (`FIXED`) **Checking for Updates** without a working internet connection caused the app
  to crash instantly.
- (`FIXED`) **Not having a game path selected** would cause certain features to **crash the
  app**. This includes opening "Song Explorer _(Beta)_", unpacking or updating archives, etc.
- (`FIXED`) **File Size Limit**: When packing files over a certain size, BSK would error
  out and stop the packing process. This could lead to corrupt files. The issue has been
  addressed by introducing file splitting (only supported for v2 archives!).<br>
  BSK will now internally split files larger than ~500 MiB to make the packing process
  safer.
  (_Thanks to u/MoltenSlowa for reporting_)
- (`FIXED`) **Archives missing from archive list**: Under certain circumstances, BSK would
  show less archives than it could actually find. This is because previously, the main window
  only listed certain types of archives while the total only reflected the number of files
  that were actually found.<br>
  After Build `1.2.9-beta.gef1701a599` the main "Backup" tab will list all internally supported
  archive types except Vanilla archives, which are present in the second tab.
  (_Thanks to u/MoltenSlowa for reporting_)
- and lastly: Squashed a few bugs here and there ~~and removed Herobrine~~.

For a full list of issues that have been worked on in this release, checkout the 
[GitHub Issues page here](https://github.com/rGunti/BeatSaberKeeper/milestone/6?closed=1)

To download BeatSaberKeeper, click here to go to the
[Release page](https://github.com/rGunti/BeatSaberKeeper/releases).

## V1 Archives
At this date, BeatSaberKeeper can still read older archive versions. However since this
introduced more complexity, V1 archives will be phased out with a later (yet unplanned)
version. Creating new V1 archives is not possible anymore.
When updating a V1 archive, BSK will delete the existing archive
and create a new V2 archive. The archive version is displayed in
the backup list in the main window under "Arc. Ver." and is also
visible in the "Properties" dialog available in the context or
"File" menu.
